README.md, before:

# Planit
To use this app, fist open Pages in Mac OS (or Google Docs or Microsoft Word)

Open tabs for the following docs, in order:
1. Overall Vision
2. Personal
3. Career
4. Runescape
5. Miscellaneous Tasks
6. Disruptions

Each doc represents different agendas.
They currently get planned every day, one day in advance.

There is a color-code to follow when evaluating tasks:
Blue : Put the Task aside for another (a new column must be made to record what was done instead)
Yellow : Task still in progress (use this when a task turns out to be larger than anticipated)
Green : Task was completed
Red : Task wasn't attempted

When a given day has ended, its agenda should be placed at the bottom of the document, after all potential tasks, but before all other completed days.
This is currently the closest method I have to "archive" things.

In the middle of the Document, there are "potential tasks", each under one of the given categories for each day.

I try as hard as I can to record potential tasks down here as they come to mind. My goal is to only grab tasks for "the next day" from this list, only adding new tasks to here.

Unfortunately, I don't yet have an effective means to sort these tasks, so I sometimes put the same task twice, or write new tasks into my agenda without them ever getting recorded here.

I'll work on that when I can.

I think that's about it for this agenda...

If anyone reads this and has any questions about it, please post an issue or something. I'll refine every part of this agenda as much as I possibly can.

Commit message:

Marked as out-of-date
Gonna be remaking this README soon. So we'll work on that when we get to it.

README.md, after:

# Planit
** This README is out of date and will be remade June 1, 2018. ** Have fun deciphering things fromt here.

To use this app, fist open Pages in Mac OS (or Google Docs or Microsoft Word)

Open tabs for the following docs, in order:
1. Overall Vision
2. Personal
3. Career
6. Disruptions

Each doc represents different agendas.
They currently get planned every day, one day in advance.

There is a color-code to follow when evaluating tasks:
Blue : Put the Task aside for another (a new column must be made to record what was done instead)
Yellow : Task still in progress (use this when a task turns out to be larger than anticipated)
Green : Task was completed
Red : Task wasn't attempted

When a given day has ended, its agenda should be placed at the bottom of the document, after all potential tasks, but before all other completed days.
This is currently the closest method I have to "archive" things.

In the middle of the Document, there are "potential tasks", each under one of the given categories for each day.

I try as hard as I can to record potential tasks down here as they come to mind. My goal is to only grab tasks for "the next day" from this list, only adding new tasks to here.

Unfortunately, I don't yet have an effective means to sort these tasks, so I sometimes put the same task twice, or write new tasks into my agenda without them ever getting recorded here.

I'll work on that when I can.

I think that's about it for this agenda...

If anyone reads this and has any questions about it, please post an issue or something. I'll refine every part of this agenda as much as I possibly can.
